 Do you want to make money by working on the internet? At Hotmart, there are two ways to do this. Either as a producer or as an affiliate. Today we will show you the step by step for you to make your first sale as an affiliate at Hotmart. Let's go? Affiliates are those people who work by spreading online courses from other people and receiving a commission for each sale. Most products at Hotmart accept affiliates. To be a successful affiliate, you need to follow some basic steps and pay attention to several details. It also takes a lot of work and the awareness that this activity does not bear fruit overnight. The first thing to do is register at Hotmart. So what you need to do is click here in register. And then it will open our Hotmart registration screen. You have the option to register either with your Facebook account or you register your name here. So you put your name, your email and below you choose a password. Click continue and that's it. And then when you enter the platform, you click here in the market section. Here you will see all the courses available on the Hotmart platform. Among the courses that accept affiliates, there are two types. Open affiliate courses, that is, anyone can be affiliated and start selling. Or courses with moderate affiliation. In moderate affiliation you need to request your affiliation. And the producer can or cannot accept. The second thing to do is to define which niche of the market you will work. Choose a course on a subject that you master, that you have knowledge. Even if just a little bit. This is important for you to be able to create content and information about the interests of possible buyers. After that, you will search on the Hotmart platform which courses are worth affiliating. For this you need to analyze five factors. Temperature, blueprint, satisfaction, the value of the commission by sale and the form of the commissioning. I will explain each of these factors now, one by one. So I'm going to go in here and I'm going to click here on the wine course. Cheers, okay? Satisfaction is the evaluation of the course according to who has already bought. If you sign up for courses with high satisfaction rates, the chances of having unsatisfied customers with the product you have sold are lower. So a product that has high satisfaction rates, the chance of having a refund request is much lower than the products that have low satisfaction rates, that is, they are poorly evaluated by their buyers. Temperature is an index of Hotmart, okay? So it means that we will evaluate all the things that that product is good and bad, from the point of view of numbers, so we can put it higher or lower on the market. That is, if the product has a lot of sales, open affiliate product, many affiliates, many sales per affiliate, low refund, low chargeback, consequently it will be hotter. Now this does not mean that the product that is colder is a bad product. It means that it is a product that suddenly has not yet been well perceived by people, or because it is a product that suddenly the producer has not yet put a lot of effort into selling it. So the temperature indicates how this product is being evaluated by the market at that moment, but it does not mean that you do not have good opportunities with a product with a low temperature. And naturally, the hotter products tend to attract more affiliates. So the hotter it is, the more affiliates. It has already happened to our client who left the affiliation open in one day and was in a warmer place, he had 3,000 affiliates in one day. So imagine that if the product is very hot, naturally you will have more competition to sell it. The blueprint represents the quality of the information registered by the product creator. So the more relevant and detailed the information about the product, the bigger the blueprint will be. Products with high blueprint tend to make good dissemination materials available to affiliates, and a greater proportion between the commission for sale and the final price. Now talking about dissemination materials. So it is very worthwhile to evaluate the product that you are going to promote by the quality of the materials that the producer provides to you. The main material of work that you will have is the sales page. So do not forget to evaluate with great criterion the quality of the sales page that the producer provides for you to be able to work. So here in the window of the open course you go to sobre, and you go down to the foot of the page here, which will be the sales page. Just click on visualize, and then you will arrive at the product sales page. To evaluate if a page is good, is focused on conversion, so first you have to see if it is removing all objections to the purchase of that product, if it has a call to action button, which we call the call to action, that is, it has a visible button, easy for the person to click, it has to talk about the price and the guarantees in the case of the person giving up the purchase, it has to bring testimonials from people who have already bought, and explain in a concise way how the course works in a general way. So in this case here we are talking, we have a sales page here that has a good call to action, you can see that it is well lit here, green, in the text it takes away the objections of people along the way, and a cool tip too is to check if it has call to action as the page rolls down. You can see that here we have a call to action, and when you go down you already have another, this means that it is a well-built page, that is, the person always has the option to click to be able to buy the course. In this part here is the presentation of the producer, he reinforcing his authority, introducing himself and saying the reasons for him having made this product, and down here is the part that we call the social tests, which are people who have already bought, and who indicate this product for other people to also buy. We also see down here that the page talks about exclusive bonuses, products with bonuses tend to have a better conversion also when the person buys. And down here is the price available, there is the part talking about the warranty, how long the person has to be able to give up the purchase after the purchase is made, and there is also a warranty seal, seals convert well, people, so it's nice to have a warranty seal on the side of the guarantee made by the producer, people feel safe when they see a seal, so this is a tendency to convert the page better too. Now attention to a detail, some producers choose to hide the CTA, the call to action, for it to appear only after a certain point in the video. In this case, instead of discarding the product, analyze the video sales, see if it's a nice video sales, if the producer says everything he delivers, if the transformation is interesting, if there are social tests, if you have all this, don't discard the product just because it doesn't have a call to action at the time, because this is often the experience of the producer, who will say that that product converts better when the call to action appears only after a certain moment. As for the other materials of disclosure, to know if the producer makes this type of material available, you go to this disclosure tab here, you will click, and here, if the producer makes the materials available, they will be all available here, so you see that they usually already come with information of the size, which is the banner, so you can apply on different sites, or in the e-mail, it doesn't matter, so everything is already available here, even with the video. If you see that it is a producer who provides a lot of image, banner variations, provides the video, this is a sign that it is a producer who works well with affiliates, so it can be indicative that it is a product that in fact deserves attention to be promoted. Well, the fourth indicator to know if it is worth it to affiliate a product is the value of the commission. The value of the commission, people, is a purely personal analysis, so it is your analysis. Think about the time and money you will invest to disclose this product, and then you evaluate if the commission can guarantee a good or bad financial return. Not necessarily the best products to be affiliated are the ones that have the highest commission. Products that have a high commission, they will probably cost more to be sold, and products that have a lower commission, in general, will cost cheaper to be sold. You need to evaluate what is the ROI you have in this operation. When I'm talking about ROI, I'm talking about return on investment. Basically, you need to analyze the following, it costs R$ 30 the product, you have R$ 20 commission, if you have R$ 20 commission and this sale costs you R$ 2, you have R$ 18 return on the sale you made. Now imagine that you have a product that pays you R$ 350 commission, but it costs you R$ 345 to sell, you return R$ 5. So it's no use having a high commission, you need to evaluate what is the return that commission brings you. And finally, the form of commissioning of this affiliate will receive the sale for the first or last click. This you will see here on this same page, where the price for the final customer appears, and here is the value, so here it is R$ 47, and below there is written, look, this product is commissioned by the last click. When you sign up for a digital product, you receive a hotlink, which is a unique link that Hotmart generates to be able to track your sales. This hotlink will take you to a sales page of the course, where people will be able to make the purchase. You must promote the course using your hotlink, this is very important, because it is one of the main ways for us to ensure that that sale comes, in fact, from your effort. Imagine that a person clicks on your hotlink, arrives at the sales page of a course that he is interested in, and then he does not buy the course and closes the sales page window. Two days later, he decides to buy the course, but reaches the sales page by the hotlink of the producer or another affiliate and not yours. In this example, if the commissioning was by the first click, you will receive the commission by sale, because it reached the sales page for the first time by clicking on your hotlink. If the commissioning is by the last click, the one who receives the commission is not you, because the conversion, that is, the sale, was not concluded through your hotlink. There is another model that is less used, but it is very interesting, which is the multi-click model. So what does the producer do? It will balance how much commission goes to each of the clicks. So he can put, for example, 30% for the first click, 70% for the last click. In these cases, you guarantee that even if he has not made the purchase from your hotlink, if you have impacted him first, you get the percentage that the producer has determined. This model is less used, but it is very interesting. So looking for products that use multi-click can be an interesting strategy, especially if you trust the quality of your content, or if you believe in your ability to hit this guy first. Evaluate which is the type of commissioning, which of the three types of commissioning you will choose. If it is first click, multi-click or last click, it is a decision that will depend a lot on your style of dissemination. A tip is to affiliate products with the three different types of commissioning and analyze which one works best for your performance. There are people who are very good at making a copy of an ad for conversion, and there are people who are very good at making perfect content to capture that guy before, at the beginning of the sale. So you have to understand which style is yours. If you understand which style is yours, you will understand which types of products make more sense for you to affiliate. When you are seeing here on the platform about the type of commissioning, you will also see right after that says the duration of the cookies and if the hot leads are disabled or activated. Look, these cookies here are not cookies, okay? When we talk about cookies, they are small files that are recorded by the browsers while the person is browsing, while you, me, all the people are browsing. So it stores user browsing data. Do you know when you're going to log in to a website? If your email and password are already filled there, this is because the site has stored this information through a cookie. In the Hotmart context, the cookies are used to identify which hotlink a user used to access the sales page of a course. These cookies will allow the affiliate to be correctly commissioned for a sale. The Hotmart cookies have a duration set by the product creator. The duration can be 60, 90, 180 days or eternal. What does this mean? This means the time these cookies will be stored and they will be attributed to you. In other words, if you have a producer who puts there that the cookies have an eternal duration, it means that if you impact this guy today and this is recorded on his browser, but in three years this guy makes this purchase, effectively you will still have your commission guaranteed. Most of our producers use the finite duration of the cookies. When the duration is eternal, this can be an interesting indication for you to be able to affiliate with that producer. Possibly he has a lot of confidence in the quality of his content and in his affiliates. HotLids is an exclusive tool from Hotmart to bring you even more confidence when you generate your sales. So it's an extra way we have to track that that buyer came from that affiliate. By HotLids, producers can know not only how many sales an affiliate generated for him, but also how many leads were generated by the affiliate. The leads are potential customers who have not yet made the purchase, but who have shown interest in knowing more about their product. With this data about leads, the affiliate and the producer can have a greater notion of the contribution of the affiliate to the producer's business. In addition, if for some reason the browser does not register the cookie at the time of a sale, the affiliate will be commissioned even so if this buyer is on the lead list generated by HotLids of that product. So after analyzing all that I said here, you will choose the digital products you want to promote. To start, I suggest you choose at least three related to the niche you chose. Then to sign up, you click on the course and go to promote product. If the course is open, naturally. If the course has a moderate affiliation, you click on apply for affiliation. In this case, you will have to wait for the producer's response. What do I suggest you do if you are going to sign up for a product of moderate affiliation? Write to the producer, you will have a field where you will be able to write by introducing yourself to the producer. Do not ignore this field. Say who you are, what is your experience, why do you want to promote his product. Because sometimes the producers receive so many requests for affiliation and that come empty that they simply deny that request for affiliation. Because they want their affiliates to be people actually engaged in that product. So introduce yourself, send a Facebook link of yours for the guy to see who you are. Send a link of a blog that you have or some reference. This helps a lot to ensure that the producer will accept you to be able to do the affiliation of his product. So now let's see how to promote these products. You can use several channels. The most common are paid ads, social networks, blogs and email marketing. Choosing which of these channels you will use depends a lot on the strategy that you will adopt as an affiliate. So let's see what are the main strategies to be an affiliate. The authority's daughter. The authority's daughter is that person who is already a specialist in a subject. So let's say it can be an Instagram influencer, for example. It can be someone who has a very accessible blog about a subject. It can be someone who has a very large email list about a specific subject. In other words, someone who already has authority is already recognized for what he usually discloses. This is the affiliate we call authority. So he already has knowledge about that and an audience that follows him to talk about that subject. The idea of being an authority affiliate is that you can use this influence to recommend products related to your market. In other words, a travel blog can recommend a product about how to travel cheaply. Or a culinary blog can recommend a product related to teaching how to make cupcakes, for example. So the idea of the authority affiliate is to use that audience that he already has to be able to recommend products that are well connected to his market. There is another type of affiliate that we call the presenter's affiliate. In a way, he is close to the authority affiliate. But his footprint is that he uses the influence that he already has, the credibility that he already has with his audience, to recommend products that he is affiliated with and that are not necessarily linked to what he is used to disclosing. So the presenter's affiliate uses this influence to recommend products that he is affiliated with, mainly through social networks in general. The big difference between the presenter's affiliate and the authority is that the presenter is not necessarily an authority in that subject of the course he is indicating. The recommendation is more personal than professional. The third type of affiliate that we call the scientist's affiliate, or many people use the term referee's affiliate, which is even a term that JP, our founder, created. So the scientist's affiliate, the referee, is an expert. An expert in digital marketing. So he focuses on conversion. He will be able to get a paid ad on social networks, or on display networks, or through an email list. But his business is that he is an ad specialist. I call this guy the representative of the contemporary world. What do I mean? Do you remember that encyclopedia seller who used to go from house to house? Think that this guy is exactly the same thing, but he does it in the online world. So instead of going from house to house, he reaches people wherever they are. And then he has a commission of that product that is not his, which is the same thing as the guy who sells encyclopedia. But our difference is that we went to the digital world. So the focus of this guy will always be to work with the public of interest and measure the results to perfect the conversions. The fourth type of affiliate is the reseller's affiliate. This is the affiliate that sells by indication. That is, it is kind of mouth-to-mouth, talking to people from his circle of coexistence. So he sells a lot by indication to family members or close friends. This type of affiliate normally invests very little money, but at the same time he will not be able to scale the sales. Because the number of people he can reach, of acquaintances and people he trusts, is not such a large number of people. So after defining what type of affiliate you will be, it is time to understand how to use the communication channels available in the best way. Social networks. The most used social networks to sell are Facebook, Instagram and YouTube. So in this video we will focus on these three. All of them have different profiles and demand approaches a little different from each other. On Facebook, create a fan page instead of posting on your own personal profile. In addition to being more professional, with a fan page you will be able to create sponsored ads on Facebook, which is something you can't do on your personal profile. So you can spread your work to a lot more people. As for the content you will post on Facebook, you can post your texts you have on your blog, newspaper articles related to the subject of interest, images, infographics. Anyway, any content that is informative and in a way fun. So it depends a lot on the profile of your audience. On Instagram you can post motivational phrases or famous quotes, beautiful images, infographics or record of activities related to your niche market. Another very good tool that has given a very good result for our producers is Instagram Stories. Post your daily life record that shows your passion and authority for the subject of the product you want to sell. On YouTube, the content tends to be more educational or entertaining, like a blog. Post videos regularly. This is a very important tip. YouTube likes channels that post regularly. So choose how many times you will post a week, if it is once a week or once every two weeks, but try not to leak this, because YouTube likes channels that do this. And then post tips related to your niche market. And from time to time you can offer the products in which you are affiliated in your videos. And don't forget the description. Put the product link there in the description of the video. We think people don't open that, but about a fifth of people open the description of the videos. So put your link there that can convert well. When making an offer for a product, be it on Facebook, Instagram or YouTube, be creative. Instead of simply posting your affiliate hotlink, try to review the product, or talk about some quality of the product that caught your attention, or give a testimony, or tell a story related to you, not necessarily yours, but someone else's. This helps a lot in conversion. Simply put your link there. Why would people click there? Just simply put the link. When balancing your content and offer posts, try to make your offers not more than 20% of the posts that you usually post on your page. If you fill your followers with offers all the time, it is very likely that they end up not liking it. They will consider that insistence. It's the same thing for that seller who is trying to sell you something. If he keeps saying all the time, buy this, buy that, buy that, one day you get tired. And you will no longer want to hear that person. Now let's talk about blogs. So you have influence on your niche market. It is fundamental to have a blog where you will post text about your interest or related to that product. For example, if you are an affiliate of an online course on recipes and healthy food, you can create a blog to write text about this subject, giving tips on recipes or nutritional information, or related things. You can give a fitness tip and put a product on sale of a recipe. Things are linked to each other. There is no point in writing a blog that no one reads, right? So in addition to producing content for the blog, you will also have to attract people there, either by paid or organic traffic. To do this in an organic way, you will have to study and apply SEO techniques, mainly because of Google searches. If you want to better understand how to work on your blog, just watch our Hotmart tip about content marketing. There are all the tips you need to make your blog. You can also take advantage of this blog to be able to put banners and other materials for dissemination in your own space. If the course producer makes this type of content available, you use their content, otherwise, make this content for yourself. What matters is that you use the space you already have, which is there, in the best possible way. Your blog can also serve as a tool to capture people's emails. In fact, it is very interesting that he does this. Put an email capture form on your blog. It can be on the side of your blog, in the middle of the text, or a pop-up that you open when the person is thinking about leaving your blog. To take advantage of the chance of visitors filling the form, offer something in return, free material, an e-book, a text, a video. Capturing these emails, you are building your contact list. You will use it to be able to send mail marketing campaigns. Why is this important? You have to think that on the social network, the audience, even if you are reaching the audience, this audience is from the social network. If the social network decides to change its form, to end a fanpage, for example, you can lose all your audience. When you have an email from the person, this email is yours. So you will have a chance to communicate with it, even if it changes all the rules of social networks that exist. Email marketing is often relegated to the background by the big brands nowadays, but email is still a very relevant thing. Email brings a very big return on investment in general. So don't treat email as a background. Email is still important. While it is important, you have to capture it. We have also done the Hotmart Tips giving several tips about email marketing. So if you want to understand a little better how this works, don't forget to watch this video. Now let's talk about paid ads. So if you decide to make a paid ad, the two most used tools for this are Google AdWords and Facebook Business. You have to think of AdWords as the yellow pages of that old catalog. So imagine that when you needed to do something in the past, I need a keychain. You would go to the yellow pages of the catalog and look for the keychain. The yellow pages of the contemporary world are AdWords. Because you go to Google and search for 24-hour keychain. And there will appear the related searches, right? If you have bought an ad by AdWords, you will appear in front of those indications. Now, in addition to the sponsored links, you can also use Google's display network. When you advertise, they are banners that people put on their blogs or sites to be able to monetize that site. And it is Google, in fact, that pays those people for that space. So you advertise on this display network and Google will help you display that to the audience you choose. By the Facebook ad tool, you can advertise on Facebook itself and also on Instagram. Facebook has some different ways of advertising. You can advertise either in the person's timeline or in those side ads. Many people think like this, Ah, no one clicks on it, forget it, forget that idea you have. Click yes, click a lot. Facebook is a big marketing company today. So you can buy exactly the profile you want to advertise. So if you want to advertise for men of that age who have enjoyed certain things, Facebook will give you access to those people. And the Facebook ad tool today, you use it for Instagram in the same way. The first step before starting to create an ad campaign is to understand any experience of your audience to move the internet. For this you can do two very simple exercises. First, search on Google ten terms related to your product or that topic in some way and see what type of ad appears. Second, visit sites of related topics to your course and see the type of ad that appears. The same goes for Facebook's fan page. Enjoy those Facebook pages, the most linked fan pages to this topic and see what type of ad starts to appear in your timeline. In other words, with this simple exercise you put yourself in the skin of the person. And this will help you here in the middle of a lot of ads you can do one to be able to appear better for your target audience. To create the ideal ad, you need to know how to write the texts of these ads and also choose the best images. If this ad has an image, you can make an ad that is also without image, which is only text. We have already made a video here on Hotmart Tips on both subjects. You can click on the cards that will appear here in the video or on the links in the description to be able to watch. Remembering that this care with the images and the text should not be just the time to make the ad, okay? This has to be valid for the texts of your blog, for social networks and in the offers you are going to make for your audience. Guys, the best tip I can give you about paid ads is to do tests. Because it is very common for us to realize that a change in a word in an ad or an image of a photo colored by a black and white photo changes the conversion drastically. We have already verified that very similar ads that changed one word and one converted a hundred times better than the other. I'm not exaggerating, it's a hundred times better. So, the best tip I can give you is, in paid ads, test. Do a test. Because you may think that what is wrong is the product, but it is often your ad that is not good enough. Good guys, that's it for today. I hope this video helps you to make your first sale as an affiliate on Hotmart. And if you have any more questions, comment down here that we will have the greatest pleasure in answering, okay? A hug, until next time and good business. This is for your affiliates. Instagram. That opens when the person is thinking about leaving the blog. Use the eternal cookie. It was ...